Add program for meetup #1 (#6)
rust-aarhus/meetups: meetups/2023/meetup-01.md

# Rust Aarhus meetup #1 at Geanix

Rust Aarhus invites you to this free meetup for all interested in the programming language [Rust].

The program for the evening is settled, but the individual times are subject to change:

- 18:00 - 18:30: "Welcome - Let's build a new community together" - by Tue Henriksen
- 18:35 - 18:55: "Why learn Rust if I know a memory-safe language?" by Philip Kristoffersen.
- 18:55 - 19:40: Light dinner sponsored by [r2p] and [Geanix].
- 19:40 - 20:25: "Breaking the limits of Rust: Exploring Static Reflection for Powerful Code Generation" by Wojciech Polak.
- 20:30 - 21:00: Get help to get started with Rust, or get answers from other members on your Rust questions - bring your laptop!
- ~21:00: Thank you for a hopefully wonderful and rewarding evening. Feedback for the meetup will be appreciated.

## The talks for the evening will be:

### Welcome - Let's build a new community together
[Tue Henriksen][th] from [r2p] is the founder of Rust Aarhus with a background in the embedded world. He started using Rust when he joined r2p in late 2019.

> He will like to welcome your all and talk about how we can create an awesome community together.

Author: ```suggestion
He will like to welcome you all and talk about how we can create an awesome community together.
```

> ### I already know a memory safe language, so why should I learn Rust?

Author: ```suggestion
### Why learn Rust if I know a memory-safe language?
```

[Philip Kristoffersen][pk] is a senior software consultant (Full-stack & Architect) at [BRØLSTÆRK] and works with everything from 3D Visualization to Microservices.

This evening he'll compare Rust, C# and TypeScript features and their pros & cons, followed by a Q&A.

### Breaking the limits of Rust: Exploring Static Reflection for Powerful Code Generation

> [Wojciech Polak][wp] is senior fullstack engineer at [Impero] and works with ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Wojciech Polak][wp] is a senior full-stack engineer at [Impero] and works with the backend, tools, and libraries, all written in Rust.
```

> (Wojciech, please finish this line. I think you should also very briefly write what this static reflection is used for).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He will show some of his work on generating schema and bindings for TypeScript from the Rust codebase, existing alternatives, drawbacks, and advantages, as well as how to use static reflection to overcome the limits.

Static reflection - (not existing) mechanism of Rust that allows accessing the meta-data about types and traits during the runtime, for example, what fields the structure has, what the names are, and what the implementations of the given trait are.

His presentation targets an intermediate audience, but he will explain everything if needed. A Q&A will follow the talk.
```

> He will show some of his work of generating schema from the Rust codebase, the possible solutions, drawbacks, and promising alternatives. The talk will be followed by a Q&A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Rust Aarhus meetup #1 at Geanix

Rust Aarhus invites you to this free meetup for all interested in the programming language [Rust].

The program for the evening is settled, but the individual times are subject to change:

- 18:00 - 18:30: "Welcome - Let's build a new community together" - by Tue Henriksen

> - 18:35 - 18:55: "I already know a memory safe language, so why should I learn Rust?" by Philip Kristoffersen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 18:35 - 18:55: "Why learn Rust if I know a memory-safe language?" by Philip Kristoffersen.
```

- 18:55 - 19:40: Light dinner sponsored by [r2p] and [Geanix].
- 19:40 - 20:25: "Breaking the limits of Rust: Exploring Static Reflection for Powerful Code Generation" by Wojciech Polak.
- 20:30 - 21:00: Get help to get started with Rust, or get answers from other members on your Rust questions - bring your laptop!
- ~21:00: Thank you for a hopefully wonderful and rewarding evening. Feedback for the meetup will be appreciated.

## The talks for the evening will be:

### Welcome - Let's build a new community together
[Tue Henriksen][th] from [r2p] is the founder of Rust Aarhus with a background in the embedded world. He started using Rust when he joined r2p in late 2019.

He will like to welcome your all and talk about how we can create an awesome community together.

### I already know a memory safe language, so why should I learn Rust?

> [Philip Kristoffersen][pk] is senior software consultant at [BRØLSTÆRK] and works with ... 
> (PHILIP, please finish this line and if needed modify the description below)
> 
> This evening he will compare some features in Rust with C# and Javascript and talk about the pros and cons. The talk will be followed by a Q&A.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Philip Kristoffersen][pk] is a senior software consultant (Full-stack & Architect) at [BRØLSTÆRK] and works with everything from 3D Visualization to Microservices.

This evening he'll compare Rust, C# and TypeScript features and their pros & cons, followed by a Q&A.
```
